aler has obtained a video showing an
Israeli military dog attacking an
elderly Palestinian woman inside her
home it happened during an Israeli Army
operation in the jabalia camp a few
weeks ago the woman says Israeli forces
sent the dog into her house after she
refused to leave she says it dragged her
out of her bedroom leaving her with
injuries the footage was captured on a
body Cam that the dog was
wearing I'm ha abdah
Alani from jabalia refugee camp I
refused to be forced out of my house nor
will I abandon my home so the Israelis
set a dog on me which bit me while I was
sleeping in my bed it dragged me and
this dog pulled me all the way to the
entrance door now I have a serious
injury there are no hospitals or
anything to treat my injury my hand is
still untreated Israeli forces set the
dog on me it grabbed my
arm make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al